are you an athletic uh guy are you good
in sports man i wish i was you know i
thought i was going to the nba when i
was a kid
until i stopped growing because i was
the tallest kid in class what what grade
were you the tallest kid in class
fourth right great the problem is you
probably went around lording it over
people like i'm the tallest guy i swear
to you i did i talked a lot of trash man
my brother my brother was actually
really good at football he was like
varsity
honorable mention all public so i was
like you know i wanna play football i
told my mom and dad
they was like cool go ahead and i played
a little league right and i played for
this
hundred pounds i don't know if you know
the weight class is good sure but i
weighed like 65 pounds but in my
neighborhood all we had was 100 pounds
i was like i want to play and i was all
excited i got equipment my dad was
excited for me
but it just didn't go the way i planned
man because i got scared i don't like
contact and my dad like i sat at the
bench
i'm serious man i'm i'm an actor don't
punch me don't hit me nothing like
you don't even want someone rubbing up
against you right contact at all and my
dad got mad he would come to every game
and make a scene
you know because i didn't play i sat at
the bench he was yelling at the coach
put my son in the game
put my son in the damn game we losing
about 30 points we ain't going to win i
bought all that equipment i want to see
him get hit
right so that's a good dad yeah yeah
so the coach got tired of hearing him
he's like heart come here you know i
want you to get in the game
he's like we're going to do a two-sweep
through the second hole you get the ball
it's true story and i was like coach i
don't know what that is because at
practice you tell me i don't have to
he's like shut up
get in the game all right hey i get in
the game he hand me the ball
i start running i trip and fall i hit my
tooth on the back of this guy's cleat i
started bleeding passed out right
you passed out because i don't like
blood it was contact
so everybody turn around i'm gonna tell
you how big of a jerk my dad is
everybody turned around and looked at my
dad
and he got mad he's like what y'all
looking at me for i ain't put him in the
game i know he ain't there
the coach did i don't i don't like that
i don't distance himself as much as
possible
now you obviously you have a good sense
of humor about your about your height
of course uh does it affect your dating
life at all or are you
or women i i try to stick to my height
man i don't like i had one tall
girl that i dated and i didn't have a
good experience with that like thing
with taller women man and little guys
you know for one you
they like to hold hands and like to
cuddle with you and i don't mind that
but we went to the supermarket
and we had the supermarket usually my
cereal is on like the middle part
in the aisle you're a cereal what's your
cereal frozen flakes i'm a big frosted
food oh wow you know yeah
that's interesting everyone's gotta send
me some boxes i'm a blueberry man myself
but
blueberry movie yeah i've never heard of
it you never heard of boo berry
wake up come on
but it was on it was on like the it's
usually on the middle section and this
time i came and they must have switched
it up and they put it on the top
you know like when you stretch it for
something you can't get it right and i'm
with her and she's like oh baby i'll get
it and she went to grab it and i was
like what are you doing
grab my cereal i got some kind of chump
let me climb up and knock it down
it's emasculating it takes your manhood
away yeah
yeah let me max my cereal down if i bust
the box i'll pay for that one and do
another one i just want to feel bigger
right
but she didn't buy that so she picked me
up and let me get it
that's not good it's not good that's not
good in there i'm very honest i don't
mind being honest and it probably looked
cute when she was holding you up you
know i mean
it probably did i'm gonna tell you and
this is for women like i'm so the cute
thing really gets me
it bugs me because that's all i hear oh
oh
he's so cute oh my god look at her kitty
look at his face
eventually you won't get mad look girl
i'm a grown man now
oh my god he gets angry and he's cute
he's like angry they don't buy it missy
you probably don't hear that type stuff
cause you're a big guy woman i hear
other stuff i'm tall but i'm yeah i've
got no skin color
at all i'm sickly looking i cheat her
around on on skinny legs uh
trust me i've got a lot of problems on
my own i guarantee you hear big guy
stuff though
like you if for instance if something
was to happen with you you would never
hear the stuff that i would hear women
make you feel safe cause you're tall
conan whenever you hug me i feel safe i
feel so secure in your arms i've never
heard that never heard that now i'm
feeling worse
i don't know what the hell you're
talking about i've never had a woman say
to me i feel so safe and secure in your
arms
never i'll tell you they always say to
me things like are you getting enough
iron
you know are you okay
that's what i get you're depressing me
now kevin i'm sorry i'm sorry i get i
get
you know what i get i get the kevin if
something happens in here i think we
both should run i think we should
i'll pick you up and run